Simon was conflicted. That is to say, Simon was more conflicted than his
generally conflicted psyche was at baseline. He was uber-conflicted.
Hyper-conflicted? Simon was overly conflicted. He just barely stopped his mind
from running down the rabbit hole of degrees of conflictedness that would result
in half an hour disappearing as he attempted to decide just how conflicted he
was. 

This was, really, all Andi's fault.

---

Andi had been Simon's best friend since before they both knew they were
interested interested in boys. They had both been generally awkward middle
school students, thus making them the natural target of all thier predatory,
pre-pubescent peers. Their various gladitorial arena's varied depending on which
click was assaulting them on any given day. 

One day, as Simon was desperately fleeing from a pack of feral basketball
teammates he rounded a corner in the hallway and hoped he had enough time to get
to his favorite janitor's closet before the larger boys caught up to him. If he
came home with another shirt torn up or bloodied his parents were going ot lose
it.  He's learned that this particular closet was always locked, but if you knew
about it you could wrench the doorknob up hard and the door would open, even
though the knob wouldn't turn. Simon had no idea why this worked, but it had
saved him on any number of occasions. 

He bolted down the hallway to the door opposite the lockers, heaved up on the
doorknob, yanking the door open and stopped in his tracks. The closet was
occupied - not by the janitor, but by a startled and terrified looking, short
girl with mousy brown hair cut in a bowl cut. This was his very first encounter
with Andi. The girl had certainly been crying, and her face was all wet with
tears and snot, and her eyes were all puffy, but glasses hid some of that. 

She didn't hesitate, pushing him aside, she leapt out of his closet, turned
around and shoved him hard in the chest, pushing him into the place she had just
vacated. "Oof!" he managed to grunt. Then she grabbed and handful of his shirt,
shoved her face in it and blew her nose rather messily all over him. Then she
slammed the door in his face. 

He heard her footsteps cross the hall to a locker and open it, just as he heard
the basketball miscreants round the corner and come sliding to a halt. A brief
pause as his pursuers registered a long hallway seemingly empty of their quarry,
with just a short, awkward, chubby girl who seemed to be restocking her
backpack. 

"Where is he!?", the leader of the gang asked, a bit to aggresively, and not
directed at anyone in particular. 

"Uhh.... Are... are you talking to me?", he heard the girl stammer. 

The leader just sort of growled, then punched a locker and continued running
down the hallway, assuming somehow that Simon had sped of ahead of them. 

Once the footsteps died away, and after a few long moments, just to be certain
they were gone, he slowly opened the door and peered out. She was standing there
waiting for him, patiently. 

"Hello, I'm Andi."

---

Simon's phone buzzed against his lower jaw, jarring him further awake from his
half doze. He peeled his face off of it and looked at who was intruding on his
grossly hungover Sunday morning.

His head was pounding. He was hungry, but didn't trust his stomach to keep
anything down for the foreseeable future. The drama department had wrapped it's
production of The Mystery of Edwin Drood last night, and the ensuing cast party
had been... well, it had been rather epic, to be honest. No one parties like the
performing arts department. Things started getting fuzzy for him about the time
some people in the back yard started hula hooping and twirling fire on strings.
He remembered not caring too much about that as he was having a near panic
attack about what Andi had just done. 

He sat bolt upright in bed as his phone buzzed again. Simon groaned as he
pressed his thumbprint into the screen to see... yep. 13 Tinder notifications. 

---

Middle school and on into junior high and high school became a lot easier with
the two of them working as a team.  Andi grew out of her physically awkward
phase over the next few years. She also developed a derogatory humor of her own
that warded off anyone trying to antagonize her.  She never quite forgave the
clique that had sent her scurrying to her favorite cry closet that day, and many
before that and didn't feel burdened to be overly nice to anyone.

All of the most popular kids, at one time or another, had found themselves on the
 losing end of a battle of wits with Andi, and found it took weeks to recover, 
socially speaking, from an encounter with her. They learned to leave her well 
enough alone.

Simon found his security in the chess club, and eventually as lead cellist in
the school band, and pianist for any of the drama club's musicals. It was just
harder to bully him when a black eye turned into something that was on stage for
all the world to see. He never talked about the few beatings he had, but learned
not to hide them, or who had perpetrated them. Suddenly, it wasn't as fun to
pick on him when all the teachers, parents, and many other teenagers were on his
side. 

Of course, Andi and Simon were inseperable throughout high school and
graduation, and decided on the same college together. Him for music theory, with
a focus on cello performance. Andi was dual psychology and poli-sci, with vague
aspirations to being a foreign diplomat somewhere exotic.

---

Simon stifled a groan, blanked the screen on his phone, grabbed his bathroom kit
and stumbled off to the dorm's communal bathroom.  Hopefully, to be followed by
coffee and, he didn't know, maybe some plain buttered toast. God, he felt awful. 

He was just settling into some of the cafeteria's notoriously bland scrambled eggs, 
when Andi slinked into a chair across from him. Simon was angry. It was
difficult for him to ever be mad at Andi for long. It was part of her nature to
be impulsive, jump without looking, and otherwise fail to consider the
consequences of her actions. If you were going to be friends with her, it was
sort of something you just had to accept.

But he was furious. More than a stupid phone prank could justify and he wasn't
entirely sure why. It wasn't like this was out of character for Andi, or really
anything that should matter. He could just delete the app and pretend it never
happened. He would get around to dating in his own good time, but he knew he
wasn't ready yet. There was too much tied up with the qhole idea emotionally for
him. He'd been avoiding it for years for a reason.

"Good morning!", she bubbled. 

Simon countered with an icy stare. 

"So.... you made it home OK, I was a bit worried after you booted in the
shrubs."

Simon had completely forgotten he had emptied the contents of his stomach into
the bushes last night. He tried not to let the nauseating memory show up on his
face, but he did put his fork down. The eggs didn't seem all that great of an 
idea suddenly. 

"Do you know what you've done?", he said, rather too calmly. 

She looked up a bit alarmed. "Do you mean the line up of hot guys you have
flooding your inbox? Yeah, I'm pretty proud of that. Did you see Shane's
pictures?"

And then it hit him like a flood. A tide of emotions all of which were quickly
turning to rage.

"You outed me.", he said in icy calm. No stammering or confliction around this
certainty. "That wasn't for you to do."

Andi bristled, "Simon! It's a joke. No one takes these apps seriously, and you
can totally play it off as a prank."

"That is not the point! At all. It's joke **if I were straight**. Can you see
why it's not so funny when I might want that profile seriously some day?"

"I...", Andi stopped. An amazing thing about Andi is that while it might take a
bit to get through to her from time to time, once you did she was a very
compassionate person. "Well. Shit, let's take it down fast. Maybe nobody
noticed. I'm sorry. I didn't mean --"

Simon held up his phone to her. He hadn't opened the app yet, but knew that he'd
caught her last night after a lot of swiping right for him. Simon had 16 new
matches. Andi just stopped talking. 

They sat awkwardly for a few moments, both thinking about what comes next.

---

They had, of course, attended the party together. Most time not spent in class
was spent together. Together, and complaining about boys. 

Andi was thoroughly convinced that all the men she found interesting were either 
gay, asexual, or easily exposed fuck boys that lasted at most one or two dates.
The last she didn't mind that much, but didn't go out of her way to give the
time of day to if it wasn't entertaining her. 

Simon, well, Simon was ostensibly still in the closet. At least to his family,
and anyone who wasn't in his immediate circle. That, combined with his innate
shyness, and indecisiveness meant that he never really went on dates. 

Which is probably why, in drunken fun Andi had swiped his phone last night when
he went to get another round of drinks and use the bathroom, and created a
Tinder profile for him. She had enough pictures of him on her own phone, and
took the liberty to write his profile in a much more .... forward way than he
would ever have had the courage to himself, then buried the app icon deep in the
menu of unused apps he never looked at. 

He wasn't really paying attention when his phone started furiously buzzing about
10 minutes later. 

---

After a few moments, Simon's phone buzzed again sitting on the table between the
two of them. And again. 

Andi was looking intently at her stack of pancakes with butter an syrup, clearly
not seeing it and red creeped up into her cheeks. 

"Simon, I didn't think.... I'm sorry."

"Sorry is all well and good, but how do I deal with this? Who all knows? Will
deleting it fast be enough - half the people at that party are probably on
Tinder."

"More than half.", Andi muttered.

"Then there is nothing for it right now. I'm out to the entire performing arts
department for sure. That's just going to spread around campus."

Andi sighed, "Simon, can we talk for a moment. Just us, maybe we go for a walk
to avoid cafeteria ears?"

--- First transition that doesn't jump back and forth in time.

They bussed their trays and headed for the door. The campus was
situated between a riverbank and some steep hills, forming a long strip running
north to south. It made for a beautiful setting, but getting from north
buildings to south could be murder if you didn't plan your classes right.

They walked along the river path. An early autumn breeze coming off the water
made Simon glad for his hoodie. 

After walking in silence for several hundred yards, Andi started. "I was wrong
to do that. I didn't really think it through, obviously. Can you help me
understand some more about it?"

"Like what? I'm gay, Andi. You know that. But it isn't public knowledge, or it
wasn't until you decided to make it public."

She winced, "Ok, I mean, I get that, but, well, I'll be honest, it isn't the big
secret you seem to think it is."

"What is that supposed to mean?", he snapped waspishly.

It was Andi's turn to get exasperated. "It means - you were the only guy at prom
who knew what french cuffs were and owned cufflinks to match your tuxedo shirt
studs! And while everyone else booked early to get to after parties, you were
still trying to act like you were interested in slow dancing with a date we all
knew you weren't taking home. Is that clear enough for you?"

"You had no **right** to out me like that. I don't care who has guessed, it
isn't your story to tell!"

"You're right. It isn't. It's yours! And I just don't get why you aren't out
there telling it to anyone who will listen.", she shot back. "Jesus Christ on a
fucking stick, Simon. What I did was wrong, and I am, truly sorry. But exactly
how long were you planning on sitting on the fence waiting for the perfect time
to start living your life?"

Simon reacted like she'd slapped him. "You DO NOT get to --", he started, his
voice rising in frustration and anger. But she cut him off before he could get
going.

"No, I don't. But it kills me sitting here watching you torture yourself over
all the guy crushes that you can't stop talking about all day every day, that
you will not pursue."

She continued, "Is this really such a bad thing? I mean, it is, I get that. But
... have you even looked at who you matched with?"

"You mean who **you** matched with, Andi?". 

Her eyes, sank to her feet in shame. "Yeah, I guess so. Have you even looked at
who I matched with -- for you?"

They went their seperate ways for the afternoon. This was not the first time
they'd quarrelled and Simon and Andi knew ach other well enough that giving
themselves an adequate cooling off period was going to be better than continuing
to snipe at each other. 

---


